Love these. Was looking for converses and these were half the price and so unique— I’ve never seen clear shoes like these; they fit great. The plastic takes a little getting used to but the style is so worth it.
The shoes are very cute, but after the 2nd day of wearing them the tongue started ripping. After the 3rd day of wearing them the plastic on the side ripped. They could have ripped bc I was wearing them to work and I do a lot of walking at work. If you’re going to buy these I don’t recommend wearing them on days where you will do a lot of walking or they might rip.
Good quality.
Great.
True to size. If between I'd probably go with your lower end i.e 8-8.5 go 8. I wore these right out of the box for a little over 2 hours, most of which was walking around and they were incredibly comfortable no rubbing and I did not find any issue with the tongue being too stiff as I have seen mentioned in other reviews.
This is the second pair I bought. Loved the first pair however not pleased with the 2nd pair. There is no padding in the tongue part of the shoe and it is causing irritation to my skin where it rubs. I am very disappointed and will not buy them again.
I love these shoes so much, it's my second pair, pure comfort!  Thank you Amazon!.
I have hard to fit feet and often a wide fitting shoe looks too big and bulky.  These shoes were comfortable right away with no pressure points.  I use them for run around shoes, going to the store, etc.  They look casual but are more attractive than a running shoe.  They have a nice rounded toe box and go with any kind of outfit.  I am very happy with them.
Great quality and comfort shoesI was so thrilled when I got my new shoes last week! I had bought a pair of a RAVON shoes over two years ago at an expensive shoe store and I did not regret spending the money because they were perfect walking shoes and they gave me plenty of support and I have a bunion on my left big toe and I had plenty of room for that foot. Tmy new ones just like my old pair as far as being comfortable and they keepI got me balanced. By the way my original pair that are 2 1/2 years old are still good but I am using them to mow grass in because I feel safe walking in them. I wanted new ones because I needed some pretty ones that weren’t grungy looking. I am 67And being balanced is ver  important to me. I highly recommend these shoes because of the wonderful quality and comfort and I got them on sale! What a deal so I feel like I won the lottery! Also I neglected to mention they are very classy looking. Very well-made and beautiful and striking.
I would NOT recommend these for running. They have zero support and I could feel the rocks in the ground through the shoe. They are also shaped really weird. The sole protrudes out in the back all around the heel and makes your foot appear much larger than it should.
These shoes are cute online but in person...not so much.The shoe is super light weight and flimsy feeling.  Because of this, it feels as if there is no support/stability.My partial orthotic fit well into the heel of the shoe.The shoe not only has aqua-colored accents (shoe string eyelets) but also has an aqua liner throughout the shoe. As I was slipping my socked foot into the shoe for the first time, that inner liner sort of bunched up and made the shoe top look distorted. As if the liner pushed forward and down causing the upper portion and toe of the shoe to twist upward.  Not a nice look.  At that point I decided that I didn't want to struggle with getting the shoe on each time.  I'm returning them.
Very comfortable! Absolutely love the look and feel of these shoes. They run slightly too big. But, that doesn't take away from the comfort. I'm not sliding around inside them. I'm able to work in them well and workout in them great. Excellent pair of shoes.
I like the style and weight of this shoe, just right for wearing all day.  Good quality components.  However, as other reviewers have said, the insole makes wearing these shoes impossible.  The surface of the insoles is some attractive suede fabric which looks like it will be very comfortable.  In fact, the fabric prevents your foot from sliding into the shoe.  I forced my feet in and my toes were uncomfortably turned in on them selves, I could not possibly wear these shoes like that.  I tried stockings and different types of socks with the same difficulty, I just could not push my foot smoothly into the shoe.  Then I tried taking the insole out of another pair of sneakers and putting them in the Aragon’s.  My foot slid right in but when I walked there was no arch support.  Dilemma, should I send them back or go buy 6 or 7 sets of insoles at the drug store to see if any of them will work.  So disappointing.
The tongue is long, stiff, and rough. It rubs my ankles raw.
I have been trying to find a casual, but not too casual, shoe for work. I wanted an athletic shoe fit in a shoe that doesn't look like an athletic shoe. This is pretty close. It works well with chinos or colored denim. They would not look right with "dress" pants, but for business casual, it's good. I'm always between 8 and 8.5. I went with an 8 and they fit perfectly.  I also need good support and these are reasonable. I have another pair of Aravon shoes (mary jane) and they also work well. I think this is good brand.
I thought they were really cute and fit good but after I decided to wear them around for a day I mopped the floor like I Do every day and I almost slipped so the shoes will not be good for me and my lifestyle very slippery pretty much no tread it would be good for walking as long as you’re never honest with Service but I wouldn’t want to take my chances so back to Searching for a new pair of shoes.
I'd give them 5 stars if it weren't for the fact that the material on the inside of the shoe keeps pulling on my socks, it's not all the time, but it's frequent enough with certain socks that it becomes annoying to have to stop and pull my socks up which find their way down into my shoes after walking for 10-15 min, also the laces don't seem to stay tied, my recommendation is to buy socks that are really snug around your ankles and use a different pair of laces.... besides that, I think the shoes are really cute, love the choice of brown and blue, I think they work well together, also the shoe has pretty good support, I use my own inserts which fit well in the shoe, but like I said if you don't, the original inserts are pretty good.
I bought these as a birthday present for myself. I originally wanted to use them as my new jogging shoes. The tongue of the shoe is just too stiff for that though. I am still happy with the shoes cuz they are super cute. Besides the stiff tongue my only other complaint is they seem a tad larger than my other size tens. I have a little more space than I like to have. Otherwise completely awesome!.
I was so excited to find these shoes. They are super cute!  They were too small, however, and I cannot find the larger size I need.  When I tried them on, they were really stiff and a bit tight.  Who knows maybe they would stretch out as I wore them, but they just didn't fit.  I am disappointed that I can't find the size I need anywhere, but will keep looking.
It's a very comfortable and lightweight shoe.  I found it to be pretty true for a size 10, but all shoes run differently.  Other reviews said it ran small, but I didn't find that the case. I bought the 10D width.  The wider width doesn't look odd, it fits the shoe well and my foot.
Two years ago I bought this same exact shoes.  I wore them always when choosing a stylish athletic shoe. Originally I bought them when our family was going to go to The Ark in Kentucky and knew we would be doing alot of walking.there has never been a time that my feet hurt when I wear these shoes. And I get compliments often as to how cute they look.  So best shoes for me for comfort and style! Bought them again to update and bought an additional pair in black.