Very good product.
Nice and super picture quality.and sound also very good.but only one disappointed viewing angal not so good.
This is excellent picture qualityUltimate soundGood software qualityEverything is classic.
Nice.
Don't go with the negative reviews. Just go for it at the given price. Superb performance superb clarity and sound. Awesome connectivity.  Nothing is lacking in this model. I bought 55' model.  I think flipkart is a best plateform to buy electronic devices.  Thanks specially the seller, demo and installation team as the six movement wall mount provided is of very good quality, courier service and  above all,Flipkart for providing me the product at my door step.
Great TV for good price.Thank you LG for a wonderful experience.
Overall ok.
Picture quality is ok.
excellent quality and sound feel like theatre.
Very nice product. But comes without magic remote. I am still in a dilemma that i will get magic remote to purchase separately or not. Local LG service centre doesn't have stock, even said this model is not compatible with magic remote. Flipkart customer care doesn't know about it. LG customer care is confirming that magic remote will work. So am still confused. Otherwise product is amazing.
Value for money, good picture &sound quality  👌, but installation poparlly not done,I tried flipcart  customer care &lg custer care not supported for me,iam not satisfied installation &demo.
Excellent picture and sound quality.
Picture and sound quality is excellent.
Excellent product. Must buy.
Magic remote should have been part of purchased item. Otherwise i am very much satisfied in other aspects. Well built and good picture quality tv.
I am reviewing after a month of use.Initially I was hesitant to buy Motorola TV. However after a good research I have finalised my purchase.Picture quality is awesome.Sound quality is great.Delivery and installation service is awesome too.Since I am based out of Bangalore there was no delay in delivery.Connectivity is also seamless. It connects with Bluetooth without any issues. WiFI connectivity is good too.Only con (although I am nit picking), in built memory is less. After you start....
Good product…and good quality.
Good tv, go for it.
I've been using it for almost a week here is my review of motorola revou qled 50 inch tv. The build of this Tv is very good  it comes with metal stands which looks stylish and premium. the thin bezel design gives the tv futuristic looks The panel is VA dled  with quantum filters which gives very beautiful picture quality it has enough briteness to view HDR contents  the 60w speakers are awesome  produce  good sound output  However the storage is very less around 7.3 gb of free space and the n....
Rest everything is good except magic remote is not available with this model and Tv panel is not IPA.  sound quality is best.
Very very good tv awesome picture quality and sound❤❤.
Picture quality is just ok... sound is good.
I just loved it. Amazing sound and picture quality.
Sound and picture quality is excellent. Do not compare it with chaines brand and not go for less rating. Sound is crystal clear and enough for domestic use. Overall this TV is very good. One thing is to be noted that screen contrast and sharpness is more better than chaines products and screen life of chaines products are becoming faint after use 4-5 year I feel it in MI TV. Just concept of led bulb that 6 month use its light become lesser than compare new one.Installation part is poor and I....
Overall Good package, Picture quality is excellent but sound quality is also good but not as expected.
Excellent Service Provide by service engineer and we are satisfied with product quality and hope it is same in future also.
Good.
One of the best QLED TV at this price range with such a superb specifications. I t is really difficult to find such specifications at this price range.JEEVES service person is knowledgeable with soft spoken & explained all the features of TV & how to save guard TV from damages. I also purchased compleat warranty via. Him.This review is just after 48 hrs of installation over all I am happy ,expecting similar services from JEEVES in future too.
Overall performance is good.
Gr8 purchase.
Good QLED Tv with in budget.
TV is good picture quality is also good. Worth it QLED in this price range. But the only drawback is it does not have ARC or eARC hdmi port for the sound bar to connect. How to connect the soundbar now. My soundbar does not have optical slot. Overall quality and clarity is Good.
Nice.
The picture and sound quality is excellent. TV's picture upscale capability is really good. Can use SD set-top box and TV will upscale it really good. Sound quality with 20 watt speaker is really good. You won't need soundbar or additional speakers even for larger rooms.
Simply oswm some bugs company fix please... Another wise excellent tvv.
Picture quality very good.
Great TV and good delivery and installation team.
It is okay product but just after 10 days price reduce by 5K , which is really disgustingIt doesnot seem qled tv, it is normal led tvSound is not ao much effective as mentioned in description, it is just like good for nothing.
I've been using this TV for past two weeks now. Excellent QLED; The display is amazing and produces all colors with utmost clarity. This VA panel does not wash out the colors while viewing from sides. It has good viewing angle. TV when powered on in the morning takes 60 seconds to boot which is normal to any android TV. Once the TV is up everything works quick; Buttery smooth interface but the spotlight remote disconnects often. It reconnects without any hurdles but we often get notificatio....
Superb picture quality and web os software is quite good and much improved. Ultra HD 4k video clarity is awesome and it's quite clear that LG is best in technology. The only area where LG need to improve is sound quality. I can say sound quality is good but not that much great. Anyway a superb TV which is absolutely value for money.
received in good condition.Delivery is prompt and the same day service engineer installed. thank you flipkart.
Product is brilliant in terms of Picture and sound. great purchase.Completely satisfied.
Very good TV. Didn't disappoint at all. I was initially worried about the comparison of Motorola TV vs standard and well proven brands like Sony, Samsung and LG. Because one could see other brands in showrooms and feel the experience. But after going through feedback online and also hearing from a friend who had used Motorola TV I went ahead and purchased this 55" inch TV. Its sleek yet Audio (Dolby) is very good. No need of Home theatre if you have this TV.  Mainly display is good which is w....
Picture quality is excellent and many times better than Mi/Sansui and other local brands. Always go for brands like LG/ Samsung /Sony if your pocket allows.Excellent service provided by Flipkart and LG team. Happy with the product.
Product and service excellent.
Very Nice Video Quality. Good Sound. Good User interface. But there is Problem in sound with Bluetooth earphones. There is disruption in sound.
It is really a super cool TV.. it feels like premium and value for money 💰.
Color system super Sound quality super but Remote system is slow light ga.
I would not say that the TV is best but if you’re looking for a budget TV.. go for it. The 4k and HD quality is good and you will enjoy it. Sound is obviously not you can expect to the level of Sony but ok. Connect it from your BT speaker and enjoy. The delivery and installation was super fast. The same was done within 12 hours of my placing the request.
Top notch picture quality, and sound is really loud with good and heavy bass.
Earlier I have Samsung 4K 40' but Motorola give me totally different experience, picture & sound quality is superb.
Happy with the overall performance of the tv and features are good.
I bought it during sale for my bedroom. I already have a 55 inch samsung 8 series tv so i will compare with it on some points. Cons:1. Remote quality is not good. Although it works fine but the buttons feel very cheap and distinction between buttons are not good.2. Hotstar does not support 4k3. NO DOLBY VISION4.Only 2 usb ports5.Medium bezel design although it looks good6. Colour washout is little kore than my samsung tv which has same va panel but for a room that is acceptableProsT....
Awesome Dolby vision experience with in the budget.
Bought it as a replacement for my damaged Motorola ZX Pro 55" TV.Picture quality is better than ZX Pro. Better than VU Premium TV also. Upscaling of SD content is excellent. Design isn't bezel-less. There's a thin bezel which protrudes out. Sound quality is acceptable.There are following issues with the TV. 1. Prime videos does not play UHD+HDR contents (Example: The Tomorrow War movie). It'll play normal content, HDR contents and UHD content, but not those videos which are both HDR and ....
audio  quality and sound is awesome..remote and gamepad too .
Awesome picture quality and sound.
Pros- good picture quality - MEMS does the job well- great sound qualityCons - Software experience is a bit laggy.
Awesome picture quality & massive sound quality at very good price.
Best moto t v.
Mind blowing.
Very good picture quality and audio.
It is overall good purchase with the exchange of old tvBut it has a color difference while with the angular viewing position.
Good decision picture quality superb sound quality awesome connectivity simply no any doubt value for moneyBut after 2 days deeply inspect one hard scrathch on the screen.
Good Quality SatisfiedBuyed in only 43k qled value fpr money.
This is not qled.. Sound ok, connectivity problem.. Only 8 gb ram.. Picture clarity just led  quality.. Games connectivity is worst experience...
Good experience with motorola tv... Good picture clarity and sound.
Just imagine a TV with no physical buttons, stop connecting to its remote? How frustrating it is? It has been 2-3 months and the remote randomly stops working after every couple of minutes .. this smart thing proves garbage to me. I missed my old analogue TV which had far better connectivity to it's remote :(.
Picture quality is awesome ,,,super quality,,,but service should be improve more,,,and ok Google asking every time to pair ,,so some connectivity problem is there ,,, after update ,,I hope it will resolve.