Very unfriendly staff at reception: not responding to needs and giving wrong information.
The staff are polite, chatty and very helpful.
Although clean and the bed comfy, the room was a little on the small side.
And best of all was the location!
Wi-Fi sporadic, very slow connection.
Carpets in the hall and rug in the room was dirty.
Within walking distance of the Empire State Building, Times Square, Central Park and grand central was just around the corner if you prefer to take a train or subway.
The rooms are extremely small, practically only a bed.
Good placed in the city, very close to Times Square and Rockefeller center, good restaurants and bars close to it.
Mattress very comfortable.
No breakfast offered.
It was very convenient.
Staff were miserable.
No bathroom in room
The entire bed smelled gross and had really cheap blankets.
Restaurant staff are much better than the hotel ones.
The bed was soooo comfy.
Front desk stuff was not really friendly and apparently she didn't like her work at all.
Beds are comfortable and air conditioning is working well
Very close to Times Square
Very well located, modern, large and clean rooms.
The staff was unbelievable.
Area can be dangerous even close to the metro statıon.
The High Line is close-by, and there are lots of great shops and restaurants too.
someone must have been smoking in the room next door.
Unclean, elevator is slow, have to share a bathroom with others
Buffet breakfast very good, kept us going until evening
Very spacious rooms, quiet and very comfortable.
For 3 people in a bedroom the sofa bed is a bit uncomfortable
Lights in the common room were too dim.
1. staff at the front desk were not friendly. 2, food (room service) was horrific and not edible at all.
Air conditioning working fine.
I stayed 5 more days with the same bad smell.
Super friendly and helpful staff.
Location is excellent.
For the relatively fit, it is also walking distance to Times Square/5th Avenue etc.
terrible mattress, wires all over smells industrial elevator  etc
Bad attitude like he didn't want to be there.
location, nice quiet comfortable room, great wifi, excellent free buffet breakfast
Missed having a fridge or breakfast on site
Location is brilliant - a block and a half from Grand Central Station.
About a 5 block walk from Grand Central where you can access many subway lines.
Room is exactly what I expected, bathroom was nicely modern and very clean!
Very close to the subway, easy to find.
Terrible, small cubbyholes, which are marketed as rooms.
Our room was facing the back of another office building.
Great price for a solo business traveler.
Everyone at this hotel was wonderful to work with.
The gym was very small and basic
We had the most iconic view of the Manhattan skyline in every room.
The mattresses were too "springy" and uncomfortable.
Some thinks didn’t work well : air, tv , open windows,
Made it really easy to get anywhere withing a short time.
We were upgraded.
Staff if very nice at the desk.
Helpful staff
Room wasn't cleaned or bed made up
Clean rooms, genial desk service, very personal experience overall.
The room was too small for a price tag of $280 + there wasn’t even a complimentary water given
Close to Times Square.
It is near two subway stations: Grand St and Bowery St
The location is amazing - right in the heart of the Flatiron District.
There were not vending machines that worked.
The heat in the room fluctuated -- at times it felt a little draft, and on my last night, the fan was really loud.
The position of the hotel is perfect - 20mt  from the Subway (C,E) and one block from the red line.
The building was under renovation,
Perfect breakfast, great start for the day.
This hotel suits more for business trips rather than for tourists, because Downtown is too far from the most attractions of Manhattan.
Room too small to open suitcase.
Almost everything - price reasonable for location, perfectly located - terrific staff.
no elevator might be a challenge for some people
Got bitten by bedbugs.
We received a $100 a night discount when we complained.
I had to ask for it and got just 60 dollars discount.
The location was excellent and the price was amazing.
Well located, friendly staff, comfortable bed, good wifi.
Friendly staff. Relatively clean (a little bit of dust on the small  coffer). Fair price.
The TV was not working.
Hallways to room stale and didn't feel clean.
Overall restaurant experience was disappointing.
staff will bring luggage up.
They seem to have a gender bias as i only see men working at the reception every time i visit the hotel!
We thought that it might be best if there was a separate lift for the staff and cleaning service to use, however, this wasn’t a huge issue.
Hot water was abundant and the A/C (window unit) was ice cold - Excellent!
Breakfast was delicious each morning!
Bar has a great atmosphere and serves delicious food.
Internet should be free--really not good.
I was also overcharged for dry cleaning.
given this is New York and it is reasonably priced, I think that is fair enough!
There's also a subway station right outside the hotel and plenty of places to eat and shop.
Anything we needed was just there or a phone call away.
Cosmo was made the right way at all other restaurants and lounges during our stay
we liked very much the location, also the staff.
Location & price - unbeatable in Manhattan
Barely room for anything else than sleep.
Staffs was very friendly. Room was very clean and the towels were like brand new.
Lift was a bit of a pain with card access.
Free wi-fi was spotty and most of the time it was down with no explanation from staff.
The staff were amazing, so friendly and helpful.